tweet
want to tweet something but i know some friends in the groupme will make fun of me
ball fros are back
I've experienced a similar turn. We are magnificent
Needs a better stylist
Kinda cool!!!
Never say this to a woman
I'm crying because we would've made such burly sons
 pic.twitter.com/fdXWLUP5jY
the e-boys of summer
corona was just a ploy by nintendo to get us all to order switches and play ac all day
 pic.twitter.com/14caQl9oNA
winner
QUICK i need island names for animal crossing
i thought this was obvious!
medium poggers 4 revolution
crossed *~*
lol i’m so crosses
this wine glass is the size of my head pic.twitter.com/5xqplCm309
like... dam pic.twitter.com/6cYQNpSPl4
 pic.twitter.com/yCsEpZbTjh
so fucking high
 pic.twitter.com/1JBCBXpD1l
love that me and my mom have both had pogger bodies
"inherited my moms honeymoon dress, it weighs like 10 lbs . pic.twitter.com/AXVkZYp8k0"
trying to open a bottle of wine w a screwdriver
yes
wait i fixed it  https://twitter.com/bussydouche/status/1249879165186142214 … pic.twitter.com/segl2MG9Ci
cops are not essential workers
they’re self aware that’s the best part
making a mile marker 68.9 instead of 69 only makes me want to steal it more
i’m liking what i’m seeing
project car/truck roll car post em if you got em
time to take a look under the hood pic.twitter.com/8sboBJ5El0
i just am gonna miss my family a lot
thought it’d be fun to turn on some carrie underwood for the drive home but now i’m sobbing going 80 on I-90
i don’t even know what poggers means i just know they’re poggers
going through the pics i took saying “poggers. poggers. poggers.” as i swipe through each one
had to weed out the liberals following me
death 2 america
 pic.twitter.com/V70fqYRfc1
it’s good advice
"bernie continues to show more class than warren by endorsing biden almost immediately after dropping out, while warren kneecapped bernie by not endorsing prior to a major debate."
"as pissed as I am about the endorsement, Bernie fought for the possibility of a better tomorrow. he gave people hope that things don’t always have to be like this. we move on, we continue to build and organize and we keep on that fight because defeatism is not an option pic.twitter.com/UrFvOggX9q"
corduroy overalls are extremely sick
goin commando in my levi’s
people that need to pee really bad probably shouldn’t watch these lmao
here’s water flowing through a creek pic.twitter.com/WpSPOWHfqS
and by this i mean you gotta watch out for those DSA bros
all i’ve ever wanted is to be as hot as young susan sarandon
i gave it my best shot oh well
i’ve just seen it used a lot in their bios
u have to be careful on here cause sometimes you can’t tell if rose emojis in the bio are for DSA or BDSM guys
ooh you should get a bolo tie
i do not think i have the right skin tone to pull that off lmao i’ll just look burnt
i love augy!
i’m way too fuckin awkward on camera to have a tik tok lmao
howdy!!
am i doing the neeko thing yet pic.twitter.com/8PZrhAfjx4
howdy!!
🤠🤠🤠
god i love this vid so much
howdy!!
howdy!!
howdy!🤠🤠
"you weren’t gonna scroll by without saying howdy, were you partner? pic.twitter.com/DHIlGKqCyX"
AS IT SHOULD BE
yes i could get a partner OR i could get a weighted blanket
i’ve actually never taken acid and i feel like it’s too late to try
i am FREEZING and im shakin like a leaf which is adorable but in a pathetic helpless way
can confirm babs is 100% pawg
in my book yes
he’s the outdoorsman!
alice in chains haters dni
it was an intimate moment
"i just outed myself as an alice in chains fan, read it and weep losers"
swing on this
rain when i die— so good
would? is a great song
i prefer antiques roadshow tbh
starz and hbo pretty much guarantee some soft core porn every ep
in one of my moms shows this dude was hitting it from the back and kept making the chick call him guvna
leap year
happy birthday jesus :)
72 chevy!!
"my brother is trying to get the choke to open up and stay open, he’s trouble shooting atm"
72 chevy 350 small block
i will not tolerate mustache negativity in my replies
ooh another good one
this is the new glass half full/empty thing
are you more of a “yeah no yeah” or a “no yeah no” guy
jason momoa
i think you’re right
that’s also the reverse where if they have an extremely well known role they are cursed with that label for the rest of their career
"i love how there’s specific actors/actresses that we refuse to call by anything but their name regardless of what their character is named (i.e. liam neeson, tom hanks)"
i wish i still had this sweater pic.twitter.com/2etzIx5Jk5
lmao who the fuck looks at a picture of a toddler and thinks wow what a cracker
this was post- clown boy accident pic.twitter.com/il9Jir2wbM
 pic.twitter.com/8aMg1xbWnB
my first word was pudding pic.twitter.com/yoD4XWSN17
"i have access to the family computer, do you guys want me to post a thread of funny pics from when i was a kid"
personal growth
thank you! she almost got into a fight in it at her bachelorette party and i feel compelled to do the same
that little girl is not me but i did have bangs
i am very grateful to have an incredible mom with S tier fashion sense (yes my closet is 60% her old clothes) pic.twitter.com/kEKq8wURmD
i like music
 https://m.sephora.com/product/highliner-gel-crayon-P379434?icid2=products%20grid:p379434&skuId=1880061 …
"anything i can do, you can do better"
tom selleck can fucking get it
dapper
craig this is hot discrimination
hi mom <3
smooth jaw great mustache
what a luxurious one damn
yes it is
postal service king o7
good mustache
misery
please use this space to post mustaches. i demand it
this is the longest sobriety streak i have held in probably a month or so. (48 hours and counting)
it takes time and patience you’ve got this king
i am pro mustache
or beans
the first things i thought of were the buttigeg campaign and queer eye
i never said i wanted one i was simply speaking it into existence
ruth bader ginsburg chia pet
it’s definitely possible
white people’s lips recede just a little bit more each time they say a slur
they haven’t called me :”(
joey you disappoint me
"if you decide to reply to something i rt, please don’t embarrass me like this https://twitter.com/joey_d839/status/1249414898997747714 …"
all i’m saying is every time i drink to the point of passing out after an interview i get hired. anyways i have a phone interview in a min wish me luck
sperm: the original egg hunt champion
:o
dudes rock chat needs to find a way to add hunter immediately
he is!!
king shit
happy to have been of service in poisoning your brain o7
a lot of people don’t know that hunter biden was actually the prototype for dudes rock
i do want to see the sons debate but we need to let hunter biden smoke crack before so he’s in his purest form
for someone who touts that he is the poorest senator in america biden sure seems to harbor a lot of resentment towards the working class
"actually, antagonizing blue collar people IS class solidarity. it’s cooled praxis honey, look it up 😌 💅🏻 pic.twitter.com/WDrowWgIiu"
lmao this is good
“man of the people” proceeds to scream at construction workers
they expect you to be complacent and to swallow whatever shit they shovel down your throat. don’t be.
gm fuck the democratic party
gm!
gm!
you really didn’t though
good morning! an institution that gleefully steamrolls working class people (the DNC) does not automatically deserve your vote :-)
fuck i’m so sorry
there’s no such thing as the horny police here it’s a paradise
no
bold of you to assume biden can tell time
ahhhh i didn’t connect the dots sorry m8
what is my answer i don’t think i answered anything
hot
yes it is 3:07 i’m finding out that i can’t sleep without weed
if i have to live in this hellworld people could at least sedate me. it’s just inhumane at this point
fuck she’s right
 pic.twitter.com/3gdhgvtw76
i like that mug king
children are for content purposes only
